README.md, before:

# questionExtraSurvey

Add survey inside survey : create question with list of response in another survey

## Installation

This plugin is tested with LimeSurvey 2.73, and 3.16.1

### Via GIT
- Go to your LimeSurvey Directory
- Clone in plugins/questionExtraSurvey directory `git clone https://gitlab.com/SondagesPro/QuestionSettingsType/questionExtraSurvey.git questionExtraSurvey`

### Via ZIP dowload
- Download <https://dl.sondages.pro/questionExtraSurvey.zip>
- Extract : `unzip questionExtraSurvey.zip`
- Move the directory to  plugins/ directory inside LimeSUrvey

## Usage

This plugin need 2 surveys with token and not anonymous.

1. Create the 1st survey and add a long text question
2. Create the second survey with
    - An hidden question to get the response identification of the first survey (for example surveyLinkSrid)
    - Your real question
3. Create and set the token to the 2 surveys with same token list. The second survey must be
    - Not anonymous
    - Token-based response persistence activated
    - Allow multiple responses activated
4. Update the short text question settings with
    - Survey to use: the survey id of the second survey
    - Question for response id : the response code for identification (for example surveyLinkSrid)
    - You can use a question for the list : it can be text, single choice, numerci, date or equation question type.

## Home page & Copyright
- HomePage <https://extensions.sondages.pro/>
- Code repository <https://gitlab.com/SondagesPro/QuestionSettingsType/questionExtraSurvey>
- Copyright © 2017-2019 Denis Chenu <www.sondages.pro>
- Copyright © 2017 OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ) <www.oecd.org>

Distributed under [GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3](https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt) licence

Commit message:

[doc] Warning about ajax mode

README.md, after:

# questionExtraSurvey

Add survey inside survey : create question with list of response in another survey

**Warning** : This plugin is not compatible with theme option ajax mode. You must use a theme without ajax mode or deactivate the ajax mode in theme option.

## Installation

This plugin is tested with LimeSurvey 2.73, and 3.16.1

### Via GIT
- Go to your LimeSurvey Directory
- Clone in plugins/questionExtraSurvey directory `git clone https://gitlab.com/SondagesPro/QuestionSettingsType/questionExtraSurvey.git questionExtraSurvey`

### Via ZIP dowload
- Download <https://dl.sondages.pro/questionExtraSurvey.zip>
- Extract : `unzip questionExtraSurvey.zip`
- Move the directory to  plugins/ directory inside LimeSUrvey

## Usage

This plugin need 2 surveys with token and not anonymous.

1. Create the 1st survey and add a long text question
2. Create the second survey with
    - An hidden question to get the response identification of the first survey (for example surveyLinkSrid)
    - Your real question
3. Create and set the token to the 2 surveys with same token list. The second survey must be
    - Not anonymous
    - Token-based response persistence activated
    - Allow multiple responses activated
4. Update the short text question settings with
    - Survey to use: the survey id of the second survey
    - Question for response id : the response code for identification (for example surveyLinkSrid)
    - You can use a question for the list : it can be text, single choice, numerci, date or equation question type.

## Home page & Copyright
- HomePage <https://extensions.sondages.pro/>
- Code repository <https://gitlab.com/SondagesPro/QuestionSettingsType/questionExtraSurvey>
- Copyright © 2017-2019 Denis Chenu <www.sondages.pro>
- Copyright © 2017 OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ) <www.oecd.org>

Distributed under [GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3](https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt) licence
